# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 21-February-2024<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
WG Status | WG | Highlights of WG status
[Issue#126](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/126) | Orange | Implement use of linting rule set for Carrier Billing API
[Issue#133](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/133) | Telefonica | Release v0.2.0
New Carrier Billing Features | WG | New Carrier Billing Features track


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
WG Status | • **Initial Release**: Initial release delivered [Release v0.2.0](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/releases/tag/v0.2.0).<br>• **Linter rules**: Checked Successfully with configuration agreed in Commonalities.
[Issue#133](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/133) | Issue to generate Release v0.2.0 - `CLOSED`. Related PRs [PR#134](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/134), [PR#137](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/137) and [PR#141](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/141) `MERGED`.
New Carrier Billing Features | Begin to work on Refund feature in next meetings. Requirements/User Stories to be compiled within Issue <br>• **Refund** [Refund functionality for Payment requests · Issue #104](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/104).
AoB |<br>• **Linter Rules**: After checking successfully the configuration, new Issue/PR will be triggered to apply within the WG. AP@Pedro Diez. <br>• **Release v0.2.0**: Checking internally API Publication in TEF, it has been advised that callback notifications endpoints has the same operationId "paymentNotification" for 1-STEP and 2-STEP generating some problems, so as different name will be given in order to avoid publication topics. This is not functional topic but a format one, so it will be managed as a fix. AP @Pedro Diez to open New Issue and related PR to generate a Fix on the release (v0.2.1).



### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 06th March, 16:00 - 17:00 CET<br/>
