# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 28-jun-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Toyeeb Rehman (GSMA)
- Ajit Raghavan (ERICSSON)
- Elisabeth Mueller (ERICSSON)
- Shuting Qing (HUAWEI)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Ad-hoc meeting to present joint Orange-Telefonica proposal</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue 79](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/79) | WG | Decision in CAMARA API for Carrier Billing
[Issue 87](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/87) | Orange-Telefonica | Joint Carrier Billing Proposal
[Pull Request 88](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/88) | Orange-Telefonica | ORA_TEF_CarrierBilling_joint_proposal-Issue87


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
[Issue 79](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/79) | Issue CLOSED. Agreement reached between Orange and Telefonica. New Proposal presented
[Issue 87](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/87) | Rationale for the agreement and joint proposal presented by Orange and Telefonica. Compiles the basis and key pòints for the new proposal. Kept open until [Pull Request 88](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/88) is merged.
[Pull Request 88](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/88) | Orange-Telefonica joint proposal. Proposal explained. Main output points:<br/> • Good reception by WG members which consider a good starting point to move forward within WG.<br/> • Some adjustments to be performed after proposal presentation (To be documented in PR description for transparency), regarding error scenarios. **AP@Pedro Díez** to manage opening of topics/issues in Commonalities (Link HTTP 400 to OUT_OF_RANGE, Fixed INVALID_ARGUMENT typo).<br/> • Ericsson asks for rationale of making phoneNumber opctional. There can be scenarios where phoneNumber can be identified via Access Token (i.e Authorization header info). Anyway it is an open topic in GSMA OGW how to align access to APIs.<br/> • Ericsson asks for enabling the filtering of payments associated to a given merchant. Orange indicates in initial proposal "fields" value was supported. Telefonica comments that in this case what it is needed is to only return payments related to a given condition not related to only return some fields of the response. Seen as valuable point to address. **AP@Ludovic** to open issue in Commonalities.<br/> • PR open for comments in the next week. Aim is to merge this initial proposal on 12th July week.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
  • Agreed to move forward by Bi-weekly meetings. Exceptional weekly meeting could be arranged on demand if any topic of relevance is raised<br/>
	• Next meeting TBD. **AP@Pedro Díez** to propose dates for summer period <br/>
