# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 18-jan-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Rafał Artych (DT)
- Ajit Raghavan R (ERICSSON)
- Gareth Williams (GSMA)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Fahad Tanwir (STC)
- Nayeenuddin Mohammed (STC)
- Tanwir Fahad (STC) 
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Planning next steps in WG </br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) | Orange | Align Error Structure with design guideline
[Issue 45](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/45) | Commonalities (Shilpa) | Update commonalities glossary with subproject relevant terms 
[Issue 46](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/46) | Orange | Update readme.md file to indicate that 2 flavors are defined


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
WG Status | Documentation and yaml of both proposals available. Version v0.5. Brief summary explanation of the status of the working group for new participants to have some context about work carried so far
[Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) | Orange proposes to align Carrier Billing API error structure with regards to commonalities error model defined. It is agreed to do so as it was a pending action from last year.<br/> • This aligment will be done in v0.6.<br/> • Telefonica comments will also apply and from its side some fetaures are still pending to be included (notifications, 1-step payment, list of payments).Maybe notifications model will be included along with error aligment<br/> • v1.0 is targeted to have both proposals aligned with first set of functionalities.<br/> • Pull Requests to be generated by Orange and Telefonica 
[Issue 45](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/45) | Traversal track coming from Commonalities WG. Intention is to have a Glossary Terms information within CAMARA with relevant terms of each WG.<br/> Agreed to use the issue to compile relevant terms and definitions within WG (everyone can contribute) and once agreed Pedro will check with commonalities WG how to incorporate to the document (i.e trigger Pull Request)
[Issue 46](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/46) | Orange proposes to add some explanation in README.md file of WG "root" folder about the existance of two flavours of APIs to facilitate the understanding of the situation within the WG. <br/> Agreed to do so and move forward. Orange will elaborate proposal and generate Pull Request
ERICSSON questions | Ericsson asks some questions about both proposals. Mainly to know the difference between them (mainly the separation of concepts of purchase and payment in Telefonica porposal) and understand the working behaviour. Lifecycle of both proposals is also explained.<br/> Regarding Telefonica proposal Ericsson asks about lifecycle of Purchases (how to manage Purchases that are never been tried to be payed). Telefonica will check how it manages it, although commented severals options may be implemented. Also about the use of fee, that will be internally checked. It also comments about possibility to provide order_id with another name. It is commented in the short/mid term it is not intended to be changed.
STC questions | STC comments will send offline some questions/doubts about Telefonica proposal


### Next Steps
- Next Meeting on 25th January
