# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 26-abr-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Rafał Artych (DT)
- Ajit Raghavan (ERICSSON)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Jorge García Hospital (TELEFONICA)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)
- Claudio Di Padova (VODAFONE)
- Mariusz Dawidowicz (VODAFONE)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>

Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
Welcome to newcomers | WG | New attendants within WG:<br/> • Jorge García Hospital (TELEFONICA): Product Owner of Telefonica in GSMA OpenGateway initiative.<br/> • Claudio Di Padova (VODAFONE): VF Germany Product owner for Payment products (among other features).<br/> • Mariusz Dawidowicz (VODAFONE): Product Manager in VF regarding Charging Services
[Issue 69](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/69) | WG | Manage Documentation
[Pull Request 70](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/70) | Telefonica | Fake PR to test model for inclusion of images


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
[Issue 69](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/69) | Test successfully performed within [Pull Request 70](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/70), we can move forward. In order to move forward Pedro will comment within [Commonalities Issue 164](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/164) and will wait for Commonalities output before to update the documentation
[Pull Request 70](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/70) | Fake PR to test model for inclusion of images within "description" field of API dcoumentation. CLOSED after meeting
AoB | **Subscription (within Notifications Commonalities Track):**<br/> • Discussion on Subscription path still open - Ludovic will modify the PR and send back to review to Artych, Pedro & Eric.<br><br/>**Other topics:**<br/> • Pedro explained existing flavors managed in the project.<br/> • Pedro and Telefonica is working on an aggregated proposal and will reach Orange for finding a consensus.<br/> • Question on business/product side: this is driven in a GSMA Open Gateway Business stream (not a CAMARA project).


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
  • Agreed to move forward by Bi-weekly meetings. Exceptional weekly meeting could be arranged on demand if any topic of relevance is raised<br/>
  • Next meeting 10-may-2023<br/>
