# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 25-jan-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Rafał Artych (DT)
- Ajit Raghavan R (ERICSSON)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Fahad Tanwir (STC)
- Nayeemuddin Mohammed (STC)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Review of Issues and Ongoing PRs </br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) | Orange | Align Error Structure with design guideline
[Issue 45](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/45) | Commonalities (Shilpa) | Update commonalities glossary with subproject relevant terms 
[Issue 46](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/46) | Orange | Update readme.md file to indicate that 2 flavors are defined
[Issue 47](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/47) | Orange | Add notification authorization token in POST Request
[Pull Request 49](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/49) | Orange | Update README.md file - PR associated to [Issue 46](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/46)
[Pull Request 50](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/50) | Orange | Improve payment API (v0.6) - PR associated to [Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) and [Issue 47] (https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/47) 
[Pull Request 51](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/51) | Telefonica | Improve_Checkout_Model_Error_and_Notifications_(v0.6) - PR associated to [Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) and support for Notifications Model


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
Management Topics | Ajit, Fahad and Nayeemuddin access to WG. Provided offline instructions after meeting to Ajit and Nayeemuddin to manage subscription to WG. Once subscription done and with Githug users, they should have access to WG documentation and discussion tracks.
[Pull Request 49](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/49) | PR associated to Issue 46. <br/> Reviewed by Telefonica, given approval. Minor comment after the meeting provided. @ALL to provide any additional comment until Monday 30th January EOD.
[Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) | Orange proposes to align Carrier Billing API error structure with regards to commonalities error model defined. It is agreed to do so as it was a pending action from last year.<br/> • This aligment will be done in v0.6.<br/> • Telefonica comments will also apply and from its side some features are still pending to be included (notifications, 1-step payment, list of payments).Maybe notifications model will be included along with error aligment<br/> • v1.0 is targeted to have both proposals aligned with first set of functionalities.<br/> • Pull Requests to be generated by Orange and Telefonica 
[Pull Request 50](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/50) | Orange contribution to deal with Issue 44 and Issue 47. Telefonica provides some comments and see proposal coherent in general. Discussion over it:<br/> • Agreed to do version update over same YAML (Telefonica to do the same on its contribution).<br/> • "status" pattern "^[4-5][0-9]{2}$". Commented it is a point to reflect in Commonalities. Telefonica indicates it will comment internally to reflect it in commonalities so in every API this pattern can be indicated in YAML. <br/> • Notification Model: Telefonica asks about behaviour of "notificationAuthToken" concept. Orange indicates it is a "Token" generated by client side and inserted as Authorization in notification from Payment server back to client. It is based in QoD model currently. Telefonica understands this and it comments this is not closed on its model so far (some solutions could be applied) and it is also not seen as the best approach to secure a notification. Ericsson also comments in that way. What is clear it is a common solution for any API is required, so probably it is a point for Commonalities WG. Orange shares view this is a topic for commonalities. Telefónica will check internally this. 
[Pull Request 51](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/51) | Telefonica contribution to deal with Issue 44 and Issue 47. Introduced from a high level poitn of view. Participants need to look into detail. Orange advises YAML seems to be some validation error. To be reviewed by Telefonica and update PR
Questions around APIs Proposals | • Q1-ERICSSON: Checkout - Management of Purchase LifeCycle: In Telefonica solution, an offline process runs to delete Purchases not attempted to be paid after some time. Other solutions could be marked them with an specific status. It depends also in Business Requirements.<br/> • Q2-ERICSSON: Checkout - merchant.fee: Why this param is mandatory when a given contract indicating this is signed in advance. Already queried and waiting response on it.<br/> • Q3-STC: Payment - Management of taxes: STC indicates it is needed in some way to indicate if an amount includes taxes or not. Orange comments "taxAmount" is an optional parameter in case merchant wants to indicate it. Ericsson porposes to have a boolean to indicate if "amount" has taxes. Orange requested Ericsson to open an issue to follow this. <br/> • Q4-STC: Both Proposals: Return transaction time of a payment in response (a timestamp). Need to Open an issue on it to detail and provide a way forward. It can make sense to have it. <br/> • Q5-STC: Checkout: Concept of merchant.id why is mandatory, because it may be identified by API client credentials (Orange for instance do in that way). Comment is in line of making it optional so only provided when merchant is different from API requester. Telefonica checks this in order to see if can be settled to optional adding an exception in case for any case it is required. <br/> • Q6-STC: Checkout: Offline questions raised to telefónica proposal. To be compiled in an issue to have track of them. 


### Next Steps
- Next Meeting on 01st February
