# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 21-dec-2022<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Gareth Williams (GSMA)
- Aamir Aftab Muhammad (STC)
- Nayeenuddin Mohammed (STC)
- Tanwir Fahad (STC) 
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)

## Goals
Review status of the WG: Proposals yaml and documentation provided </br>
Next Meetings schedule

Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Pull Request 32](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/32) | Orange | Carrier Billing Payment API documentation + Yaml update
[Pull Request 33](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/33) | Telefonica | Carrier Billing Checkout API documentation + Yaml update
[Pull Request 37](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/37) | Orange | Update in Payment State Engine Picture


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
[Pull Request 32](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/32) | Carrier Billing Payment API documentation + Yaml update. CLOSED. Merged on 18/DEC.
[Pull Request 33](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/33) | Carrier Billing Checkout API documentation + Yaml update. CLOSED. Merged on 18/DEC
[Pull Request 37](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/37) | Update in Payment State Engine Picture. CLOSED. Merged on 18/DEC
WG Status | Documentation and yaml of both proposals is available.<br> • [APIs Documentation](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/tree/main/documentation/API_documentation)<br> • [YAMLs](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/tree/main/code/API_definitions)<br> Telefonica indicates if there is any comment regarding its proposal. STC comments that will review proposal offline and provide comments/doubts.
Meetings Schedule | Mainly talked offline with Orange and STC to move 16:00 GMT+1 next year. In principle keep weekly meetings during January/February and review later periodicity.

### Next Steps
- Meetings schedule to be performed to begin at 16:00 Wednesdays next year (avoid collisions with Commonalities WG). @PedroDiez to generate issue and related PR.
- Next Meeting 18/JAN
