# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 19-jul-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (DEUTSCHE TELEKOM)
- Ajit Raghavan (ERICSSON)
- Masaharu Hattory (KDDI)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Philip Lengyel (TELEFONICA GERMANY)
- Agustín Martín (TELEFONICA)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue#87](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/87) | Orange-Telefonica | Joint Carrier Billing Proposal
[PR#88](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/88) | Orange-Telefonica | ORA_TEF_CarrierBilling_joint_proposal-Issue87
[PR#81](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/81) | Huawei | revise meeting info
[Issue#73](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/73) | Huawei | Update Github PR Template
[PR#72](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/72) | Huawei | Github PR Template
[Issue#76](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/76) | Huawei | Business Scenario for Carrier Billing Check Out
[PR#75](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/75) | Huawei | Add a business scenario slide
[Issue#90](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/90) | Telefonica | Summer Meetings Planning
[Issue#91](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/91) | Ericsson | Improvement suggestions for merged API


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
[Issue#87](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/87) | Rationale for the agreement and joint proposal presented by Orange and Telefonica. Issue CLOSED. [Pull Request 88](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/88) is merged.
[PR#88](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/88) | Orange-Telefonica joint proposal. MERGED to have initial proposal to move forward
[PR#81](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/81) | revise meeting info. Updated meeting Info. MERGED
[Issue#76](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/76), [PR#75](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/75) | Business information provided by Huawei. Commented it fits better within GSMA OGW initiative. CLOSED
Generic Note | Commented in meeting that summary of Issues/PRs being carried in the last month will be reflected to have track of progress, even not mentioned / discussed in meeting. See topics above. Also, it is indicated a new issue will be opened (Telefonica) to compile documentation that has to be deleted/updated according to existance of a common proposal.
[Issue#73](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/73) | Update Github PR Template. Issue to inform about adapting GitHub templates defined in Commonalities to Carrier Billing Working Group. Being carried in [PR#72](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/72). CLOSED after meeting
[PR#72](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/72) | Github PR Template. Some adjustments commented by Rafal (bug template and labels) and performed respectively by Shuting and Pedro. After meeting, "bug template" is removed and PR is MERGED.##
[Issue#90](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/90) | Commented planned dates for the next meetings. Bi-weekly period to be recovered in Autumn. Ericsson and Orange indicates dates are fine for them. No objections. Next meetings will be scheduled accordingly. Huawei provided comments within this issue, however does not attend the meeting. If any comment, it will be driven within the issue.
[Issue#91](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/91) | Issue opened By Ericsson with the aim of defining valuable filter criteria for the GET /payments endpoint. Some initial comments by Ericsson, Orange and Telefonica compiled in issue. Discussion about filtering:<br/> • First, we need to provide mechanism to 'waterproofing' between API client. Technical credential could be used for that but it must be documented. Ludovic (Orange) will raise the point to commonalities as this 'data sealing' must be done for any API providing a capability to retrieve a list. Pedro (Telefonica) comments that this logic makes sense within carrier billing, due to it may compromise privacy and legal implications that a given API client can kave access to payments triggered via a different one and not sure about the traversal applicability of this in other tracks, anyway open an issue in commonalities is fine to have traversal view about this.<br/> • Second, for specific carrier billing filtering criteria, Pedro will create a PR to get consensus within working group for a set of criteria. Ajit (Ericsson) provided some suggestion within the meeting.
AoB | Ajit (Ericsson) raised a point about tax: if `isTaxIncluded` is false how the tax is computed? In this case the BE system will require the service (and product) id to calculate tax accordingly. This is an implementation issue to be sure service id (and product id) are related to tax code.<br><br/> Management of recurring payments and refunds - Need to be discussed in the product stream (not prioritized right now). Pedro (Telefonica) will create 2 issues to collect feedback for Refund and for Recurring Payment respectively. 


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
  • Agreed to move forward by Bi-weekly meetings. Exceptional weekly meeting could be arranged on demand if any topic of relevance is raised<br/>
	• Next meetings: 23th-AGO, 06th-SEP<br/>
