# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 23-aug-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (DEUTSCHE TELEKOM)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Mohamed E. Ali (STC)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue#90](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/90) | Telefonica | Summer Meetings Planning
[Issue#91](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/91) | Ericsson | Improvement suggestions for merged API
[Issue#93](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/93) | Telefonica | Documentation Update in Carrier Billing WG
[Issue#97](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/97) | Telefonica | Improvements for Carrier Billing


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
[Issue#90](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/90) | Dates already managed. Next meeting September, 6th will be moved one hour later than planned (17:00 CEST) to avoid collision with Identity/consent WG meeting. In that meeting, it will be talked about resume bi-weekly meetings. CLOSED
[Issue#91](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/91) | Related [PR#96](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/96) generated few weeks ago.<br>Main topic addressed is adding filtering attributes (using commonalities design guideline 'grammar') in `GET /payments` operation, and also align description for date-time fields format. `paymentCreationDate` is set to mandatory in response model. During the meeting it is commented that some adjustment is needed with regards to the date filtering to be more explicit. Pedro will do after meeting. If no further comments PR will me merged in one week from now.<br><br>We propose to keep the version in 0.2-wip as changes are coming on notification in particular for notification format (specific or cloud event) and for the introduction of using callback (like in qod).
[Issue#93](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/93) | Documentation Update in Carrier Billing WG. Issue opened to manage WG repo updates with current "picture" status. Already covered 3 of 4 tasks. Related actions/PRs:<br/> • WG renaming discarded after checking with Markus (huge effort). DONE/CLOSED. <br/> • [PR#94](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/94). Move old proposals to `/documentation/supportingDocuments` folder. DONE/CLOSED. <br/> • [PR#95](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/95). Update `README.md` at 'root' directory. DONE/CLOSED. <br/> • Update documentation in `/documentation/API_documentation/` folder. Pedro and Ludovic will check offline to identity documentation to be updated and generate subsequent PRs required. OPEN.
[Issue#97](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/97) | Improvements for Carrier Billing. Two topics raised: <br> • Enhancement of the look & feel. Pedro (TEF) makes a proposal for a better look & fell for the errors. Ludovic (ORA) indicates is probably good to see how is it described in other API and in particular in QoD and perhaps propose a same look & feel across all APIs. Pedro will also check APIs in other WGs. Rafał provides also reference to Commonalities Issue [#31](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/31) within this context. <br><br> • Notifications design. Related to Commonalities Issues [#8](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/8) and [#44](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/44). Based on agreement reached, probably would be needed to re-design notification endpoint. That is also reason to keep current version as v0.2.0-wip. Ludovic (Orange) comments is reasonable this way forward.
AoB | • Mohammed (STC) asks about Token lifetime conventions. Both Ludovic (ORA) and Pedro (TEF) comments that this topic is a matter of implementation and up to security considerations in each Operator. <br> • Mohammed (STC) also asks about recurring payments functionality. Pedro (TEF) indicates currently the WoW is for new features to be agreed in GSMA Open Gateway before going to CAMARA. In case of TEF and ORA there is also interest and TEF is considering/pushing this in GSMA. Pedro will provide Mohammed contact with TEF/ORA product members.

### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
  • Agreed to move forward by Bi-weekly meetings. Exceptional weekly meeting could be arranged on demand if any topic of relevance is raised<br/>
	• Next meeting: 06th-SEP, 17:00 - 18:00 (CEST)<br/>
