# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 29-mar-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Rafał Artych (DT)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Naeem Ur Rehman (STC)
- Nayeenuddin Mohammed (STC)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)
- Sönke Peters (VODAFONE)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue 54](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/54) | WG | OPEN QUESTIONS - Carrier Billing Checkout Proposal
[Issue 61](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/61) | Orange | snake_case guideline alignement
[Pull Request 60](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/60) | Orange | Update carrier_billing_payment.yaml
[Pull Request 64](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/64) | Telefonica | carrier_billing_checkout_1-step_model_and_purchases_list
[Pull Request 66](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/66) | Orange | Update Carrier_Billing_Payment_API.md


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
[Issue 54](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/54) | Questions addressed and accordingly included in [Pull Request 64](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/64) 
[Issue 61](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/61) | snake_case input/output params in APIs. Commonalities Guidelines Updated and changes being considered within this WG PR60 and PR64. Set to CLOSED.
[Pull Request 60](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/60) | PR generated by Orange to deal with [Issue 55](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/55) and [Issue 56](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/56).<br/> MERGED.
[Pull Request 64](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/64) | Updates regarding initial proposal: aligment with camelCase, includes pagination and exception when input phone number in payment does not match Auth context.<br/> To be reviewed by the WG up to 12/Apr.<br/> After its merging the same WoW will be done, updating related documentation.
[Pull Request 66](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/66) | Update Documentation for Carrier Billing Payment v0.7.0.<br/> Reviewed by Telefonica (given OK). Additional comments to be received up to Monday 03/Apr. If no further comments, it can be merged Monday 03/Apr EoD.
AoB | • WG next actions: Move forward towards an initial v1.0 version for both proposals. Main pending topics are probably related to notifications topics (being managed in Commonalities).<br/> • Convivence of proposals: STC raised the topic, if there is a guidance from Steerco (rationale for them is to determine which proposal to implement). Telefonica indicates no news about it and from its point of view currently two proposals are in force. Oranges shares the view on deciding about one proposal and not only regarding this WG but also another WGs (Number Verification,...). Telefonica will check internally


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
  • Agreed to move forward by Bi-weekly meetings. Exceptional weekly meeting could be arranged on demand if any topic of relevance is raised<br/>
  • Pedro to align with Jose Antonio Ordoñez Lucena to avoid overlapping with IdentityAndConsentManagement WG meetings. DONE offline after meeting<br/>
	• Next meeting proposed to be on 13th/April - 12:00 CEST<br/>
	• Rest of scheduled meeting series do not overlap with IdentityAndConsentManagement WG<br/>
