# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 01-feb-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Gareth Williams (GSMA)
- Rafał Artych (DT)
- Ajit Raghavan R (ERICSSON)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Fahad Tanwir (STC)
- Nayeemuddin Mohammed (STC)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Generate a Tag for v0.5</br>
Review of Issues and Ongoing PRs</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) | Orange | Align Error Structure with design guideline
[Issue 45](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/45) | Commonalities (Shilpa) | Update commonalities glossary with subproject relevant terms 
[Issue 47](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/47) | Orange | Add notification authorization token in POST Request
[Pull Request 50](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/50) | Orange | Improve payment API (v0.6) - PR associated to [Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) and [Issue 47] (https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/47) 
[Pull Request 51](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/51) | Telefonica | Improve_Checkout_Model_Error_and_Notifications_(v0.6) - PR associated to [Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) and support for Notifications Model
[Issue 54](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/54) | WG | OPEN QUESTIONS - Carrier Billing Checkout Proposal
[Issue 55](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/55) | WG | OPEN QUESTIONS - Carrier Billing Payment Proposal
[Issue 56](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/56) | WG | OPEN QUESTION - Adding Transaction time for a Payment


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
Management Topics | Management of Users. Still not seeing in GitHub some collaborators. @Pedro contact Markus offline. DONE after the meeting 
Generate Release Tag | Commented during meeting. Generate a Realease Tag to compile work done so far. No official version yet. Also versioning approach being discussed in Commonalities WG. DONE after meeting: https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/releases/tag/v0.5.0 
[Issue 45](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/45) | Comments provided by Orange about Glossary Definitions. Suggestions seen OK by Telefonica. New proposal about "Purchase" concept given by Telefonica. @ALL review thread. DEADLINE for this thread is EOW of Week 06. After that glossary proposal will be trigger into Commonalities WG
[Pull Request 49](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/49) | MERGED. Associated [Issue 46](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/46) CLOSED
[Pull Request 50](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/50) | Orange contribution to deal with Issue 44 and Issue 47. Given OK by Telefonica. Waiting any more comment during this week
[Pull Request 51](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/51) | Telefonica contribution to deal with Issue 44 and Issue 47. Telefonica comments it is going to update based on output of some parameters that probably can be set as optional, so indicates to await until that is done to be reviewed. It will inform of that
Questions around APIs Proposals | Issues already created: Issues 54, 55, 56, managed as a set of tasklist
[Issue 54](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/54) | Telefonica provided feedback to questions 2 and 4. Questions 5,6,7 currently being checked, probably there is room to set some params as optional. Questions 1 and 3 are pending from internal analysis. Regarding Question 1, Use Case is for instance a vending machine SW that needs to input user's msisdn to perform payment (based in a client credentials model, without involving user authentication)
[Issue 55](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/55) | Orange comments it is ok about the issue and will provide a proposal in a next version. Commented during the meeting is is not urgent.
[Issue 56](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/56) | After some discussion, it is discarded to indicate timestamps in requests to avoid inconsistencies and implementation complexity. At response level, it makes sense to have two "timestamps", date when the payment is created and date when the payment is effectively performed (optional). Summary provided by Orange in  the issue with initial params proposal.
AoB | • **Notifications**: It is share common view that notifications management is a traversal topic. In this meeting besides notification securization is also mentioned how notification_url is provided. Currently, a dynamical approach is followed, also TMForum is referenced as other option (Registration of notification_url). About securization Telefonica indicates that, before triggering any discussion in CAMARA internal analysis has to be done from its side.<br/> • **APIs Family**: Ericsson comments about the topic of having only one approach (API favor) in this WG. Orange indicates that this should be the final picture in the WG, only having one option. Telefonica indicates it does not see opening this topic at least during this year, because currently is focused in providing new functionality to de BC Checkout proposal based on Business Requirements, although it understands it is the theorectical purpose of CAMARA of having a unique option for each track. Orange does not share the same view and thinks it is a topic to be analyzed in the short-term. 


### Next Steps
- Next Meeting to be managed. Collision with Commonalities WG meeting, looking for a date after meeting
