# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 15-feb-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Rafał Artych (DT)
- Fahad Tanwir (STC)
- Naeem Ur Rehman (STC)
- Nayeemuddin Mohammed (STC)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Review of Issues and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) | Orange | Align Error Structure with design guideline
[Issue 45](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/45) | Commonalities (Shilpa) | Update commonalities glossary with subproject relevant terms 
[Issue 47](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/47) | Orange | Add notification authorization token in POST Request
[Pull Request 50](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/50) | Orange | Improve payment API (v0.6) - PR associated to [Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) and [Issue 47](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/47) 
[Pull Request 51](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/51) | Telefonica | Improve_Checkout_Model_Error_and_Notifications_(v0.6) - PR associated to [Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) and support for Notifications Model
[Issue 54](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/54) | WG | OPEN QUESTIONS - Carrier Billing Checkout Proposal
[Issue 55](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/55) | WG | OPEN QUESTIONS - Carrier Billing Payment Proposal
[Issue 56](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/56) | WG | OPEN QUESTION - Adding Transaction time for a Payment
[Issue 58](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/58) | Orange | Design Guidelines: HTTP Status Code type should be Integer, not String


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
Working Group Management | Rafał, Fahad and Nayeeem have already access into WG. Can be requested as reviewers. New member from STC presented in the meeting: Naeem Ur Rehman 
[Issue 44](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/44) | Proposed to be closed. Notifications model has relevance to be a traversal track in commonalities. Pending feedback from Orange that cannot attend meeting
[Issue 45](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/45) | If no further comments today/tomorrow, terms indicated with its meaning will be the ones proposed by Pull Request in Commonalities. Commented into WG for any final refinement or additional term.
[Issue 47](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/47) | Proposed to be closed. Notifications model has relevance to be a traversal track in commonalities. Pending feedback from Orange that cannot attend meeting
[Pull Request 50](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/50) | MERGED. CLOSED
[Pull Request 51](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/51) | MERGED. CLOSED
[Issue 54](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/54) | Telefonica still analyzing questions Q1 and Q3. Intention is to address them along with new API Proposal by TEF (covering 1-STEP and list of purchases). Probably MSISDN included, however under internal analysis.
[Issue 55](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/55) | Indication in Payment approach whether amount has taxes. Targetted for a higher version.
[Issue 56](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/56) | Regarding payment relevant dates, proposal done by Orange. <br/> • Telefonica: indicates that makes sense the proposal and will include that info as optional. It is pending to discuss about inclusion in notifications body. Need also Orange's view on it. <br/> • Telefonica: taken advantage of this thread it is commented the need of align input/output parameters in snake_case format. That is something to guarantee by API proposals for v1.0.
[Issue 58](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/58) | Keep this topic open until a common view of Error Model is aligned in CAMARA. API Proposals will have to be aligned in that way
AoB | • **Notifications**: Commented it is traversal topic. Telefonica internally working before open issue un commonalities (in a couple of weeks at least). <br/> • **APIs Family**: STC comments about the the topic of having only one approach (API favor) in this WG. Orange and Ericsson already commented last week they expect one API favor. Telefonica comments it is not seen in the short-term unless coming a guideline from "upper layers". Currently, both APIs have different concepts approach on how to address E2E behaviour. Also both APIs need to be aligned in terms of functionalities in order to check synergies in advance.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings: Week of 27th February is MWC week<br/>
  • 22th February (same datetime)<br/>
  • 8th March (same datetime)<br/>
